--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 SPREADSHEET LINK : https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/15916JN9Ca-SV54K0c9suVOP9tqPOqVSj9Ss1rL38vfU/edit?usp=sharing
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
JD 1-
GALTON TECHNOLOGIES is looking for Business Intelligence to join our dynamic team and embark on a rewarding career journey Data Collection and Integration:
Gather data from various sources within the organization and external sources
Integrate data from different systems to create a unified and comprehensive dataset
Data Analysis:Analyze large sets of data to identify trends, patterns, and insights
Utilize statistical and analytical tools to interpret data and generate meaningful reports
Reporting and Visualization:Develop and design reports and dashboards to communicate data-driven insights
Use BI tools (eg, Tableau, Power BI) to create visually appealing and easily understandable presentations of data
Business Performance Monitoring:Monitor key performance indicators (KPIs) and provide regular updates to stakeholders
Identify areas of improvement and suggest strategies for enhancing business performance
Predictive Analysis:Utilize predictive modeling and forecasting techniques to anticipate future trends and business outcomes
Database Management:Manage and maintain databases, ensuring data accuracy, integrity, and security
Collaboration:Collaborate with cross-functional teams, including IT, finance, marketing, and operations, to understand their data needs and provide relevant insights
Continuous Learning:Stay informed about industry trends, emerging technologies, and best practices in business intelligence

JD 2-
4+ years of extensive experience in prototyping, designing, developing, publishing Power BI Reports
In depth knowledge of DAX, Power Query, Visualizations and Story Telling
Experience identifying business requirements in the context of BI and create data models to transform raw data into relevant insights.
Experience converting business needs into technical specifications and establishing timelines for job completion.
Proven experience in quantitative analysis, data modeling, reporting, data warehousing, database architecture
Experience with Cognos is desirable.
Experience with Azure platform is a plus.
Agile Development Methodology is a plus.
Effective communication and should have worked in a client facing role

JD 3-
Minimum 1-2 year of analytics experience in relevant roles
Strong problem solving & analytical skills
Penchant for business & curiosity to understand how the product works
Intuition for data and ability to handle big data sources
Strong working knowledge in Excel and visualization tools like PowerBI, Tableau, Qlik Sense
Ability to clearly explain thoughts and ideas either verbally or in the written form.
Candidates who are able to explain the story behind their analysis will find themselves at an advantage
Ability to write complex queries on SQL to manipulate, consolidate multiple data sources for the purpose of dashboarding and analysis, is a pulse.
Understanding of data-analysis languages such as R, Python and in core statistical concepts is good to have.
Experience in building ML models is good-to-have, but not mandatory.

JD 4-
Consderable BI development experience / background Problem solving / troubleshooting
Worked on Tableau Prep and Ask data.
Worked on Dax Queries and data cubes in Power BI.

JD 5-
Strong MS PowerBI skills.
Hands-on experience in MS Azure SQL Database.
Excellent knowledge of ETL packages using Visual Studio or Informatica.
Data analysis, Business analysis
Database management and reporting (SQL & MS Azure SQL)
Critical-thinking and problem-solving
Excellent verbal and written Communication skills
Review and validate customer data as it’s collected
Oversee the deployment of data to the data warehouse
Cooperate with IT department to deploy software and hardware upgrades that make it possible to leverage big data use cases
Monitor analytics and metrics results
Implement new data analysis methodologies
Perform data profiling to identify and understand anomalies

JD 6-
Strong understanding of data analysis and visualization techniques.
Expertise in SQL and other data query languages.
Experience with BI tools and technologies (eg, Tableau, Power BI, Qlik).
Excellent communication and presentation skills.
Business acumen and understanding of industry trends.
Analytical and problem-solving skills.
Strong teamwork and collaboration skills.

JD 7-
1-3 years experience in analytics, databases, report automation, and dashboard implementation
Experience in Power BI
Extensive experience in data validation, data analysis writing SQL queries
Understanding of indexing, debugging, and error handling.
Knowledge of SSIS, SSRS, SSAS would be an asset.
Have Analytical skills.
Advanced proficiency in Microsoft Excel (data manipulation, validation, pivot tables, charting techniques, formulas and macros)
Experienced in Data Visualization best practices to present data in the correct chart type
Extreme attention to detail
Ability to manage several initiatives at once and comfortable working under tight deadlines
Effective communication skills and the ability to work collaboratively
REST API and Scripting knowledge in Python
Data storytelling and delivering insights in easy-to-read visual presentations (through PowerPoint or other applications)
Shift timings are from 5:30pm to 2:30am. We are offering remotely(WFH) flexibility to the candidate.
Bring your device policy (BYOD)

JD 8-
Strong background of working with database systems along with a strong knowledge of SQL
Proficient with Microsoft Business Intelligence Stack having Power BI, SSIS, SSRS
High level of expertise in MS Excel; knowledge of MS Access is preferred
Experience in developing applications in Power BI.; exposure to any other BI tools is a plus
Hands-on in Python or PHP as well as competent in DAX queries
Knowledge of tools such as AWS and SQL server is required
Hands-on in Power BI Power Tools

JD 9-
Bachelors degree in engineering disciplines or any other equivalent Technical Degree with mathematics, economics, statistics background is a must from a reputed college and/or university with the 
relevant work-related experience.
1-3 years of working experience with supporting any to various electronic products or IT solutions company on Data and BI field.
Applications: Thorough knowledge on MS office applications\tools is a must (Excel, Access, Project, PowerPoint, etc.)
Databases: Basic skills on building, managing, and troubleshooting databases around Microsoft SQL, My SQL and other popular databases used in business reporting.
Domain: Expertise in following BI Software and Tools Microsoft Power BI, Salesforce Wave Analytics, Google Analytics is a must. Experience in other tools like Tableau,
Oracle BI, SAS BI, SAP BO will be added advantage.
Software Tools: Very good understanding of or demonstrate the aptitude in or have the experience working with tools like Agile, Jira, etc. Basic Jira knowledge is required.
CRM: Salesforce.com knowledge is a must. Exposure to Avaya or NICE platforms is desired.
Programming languages: VBA knowledge preferred. Should be able to write Marcos in Excel and do advanced analysis. Hadoop, SQL, Python and C# knowledge will be added advantage but is not a must.

JD 10-
Developing visual reports, KPI scorecards, and dashboards using Power BI desktop.
Connecting data sources, importing data, and transforming data for Business intelligence.
Analytical thinking for translating data into informative reports and visuals.
Knowledge of SQL queries, SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS) and SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS)
Evaluate and improve existing BI systems
Collaborate with teams to integrate systems
Develop and execute database queries and conduct analyses
Should have an edge over making DAX queries in Power BI desktop.
Expert in using advanced-level calculations on the data set.
Should be able to develop tabular and multidimensional models that are compatible with data warehouse standards.
Very good communication skills must be able to discuss the requirements effectively with the client teams, and with internal teams.

JD 11-
Lead a team of analysts who facilitate Business Intelligence
Delivery and maintenance of the Business Intelligence program that will support and fulfill organizational priorities
Collaboratively and extensively investigating, analyzing and interpreting business information needs based on a strong understanding of business processes, drivers and priorities
Working with senior management to develop goals, objectives, and strategies for improving business performance using BI tools
Ensure that the use of business intelligence applications using Power BI and MS SQL enhances business decision making capabilities
Providing high level conceptual and technical expertise and understanding of data warehousing and business intelligence best practice
Monitoring industry trends to identify upcoming challenges or opportunities for the organization
Manage subordinate staff in the day-to-day performance of their jobs.

JD 12-
Lead a team of developers who facilitate development of reports
Delivery and maintenance of the reports and dashboards that will support organizational needs.
Analyzing and interpreting business information needs based on a strong understanding of business processes, drivers and priorities
Identifying data quality issues and supporting information governance by participating in necessary activities and assisting
Expertise in Power BI to design, develop and mentor for reports and dashboards.
Providing data analysis using MS SQL , identifying gaps and help taking corrective actions
Identify, research and resolve complex technical problem
Mentor subordinate staff in the technical development and monitoring

JD 13-
7 years of experience designing and developing BI/Data Warehouse solutions. Using the Microsoft BI/DW stack like the below:
Azure Analysis Services (DAX coding)
SQL Server
SSAS tabular
Power BI
Paginated reports (SSRS)
SQL DW
Experience in working/writing SQL for SQL server 2016 and higher, SQL stored procedures, SQL Views, Change data capture, and relational/multidimensional databases.
Experience with Azure Dev Ops is Good to have.
Experience with data warehouse and/or BI environments
Experience with an Agile software methodology.

JD 14-
Years of experience 0 3
Bachelor s degree in computer science, Information Systems, or Equivalent field or experience.
Proven experience as a BI Developer or similar role.
Strong proficiency in SQL and data modeling.
Experience with BI tools such as Power BI, Tableau, or similar.
Knowledge of ETL processes and tools.
Familiarity with data warehouse concepts and architectures.
Excellent problem-solving and communication skills.
Ability to work collaboratively in a team environment.
Top of Form

JD 15-
Bachelor s degree in computer science (or related field) or a minimum of four (4) years of experience in development in lieu of the bachelor s degree education requirement.
Two (2) years of mandatory Business Intelligence (BI) experience.
Two (2) years of experience managing team projects or serving as a key stakeholder in multiple projects.
Two (2) years of experience developing QuickSight Dashboards, ETL Workflows, Visualizations, Reports or similar.
Two (2) years of experience with SQL Database Administration, Query Writing or Stored Procedure Development.
Two (2) years of experience working with Amazon Web Services while utilizing services AWS Cost Intelligence Dashboard, QuickSight, Athena, Glue, RedShift, Kafka, S3, CloudWatch, RDS, Lambda or Snowflake.
One (1) year of experience in troubleshooting APIs errors, web connectivity, database connections, stored procedures, and/or software code.
Two (2) years of programming experience in one or more of the following technologies: Python, Ansible, C#, C++, ASP, PHP, Visual Basic, VB Script, JavaScript, Node.js, XML, XSL, YAML, JSON.
Two (2) years of experience with the Windows Server and/or Linux Server Operating Systems.

JD 16-
3-4 years SQL experience
3-4 years data analysis experience with emphasis in reporting 
3-4 years Python experience in data cleansing, statistics, and data visualization packages (i.e. pandas, scikit-learn, matplotlib, seaborn, plotly, etc.)
6-8 years dashboarding experience. Tableau/Power BI/Grafana experience or equivalent with data visualization tools Excellent judgment, critical-thinking, and decision-making skills;
can balance attention to detail with swift execution
Able to identify stakeholders, build relationships, and influence others to drive progress
Excellent analytical and problem solving skills
Strong oral and written communication skills
Strong statistical background

JD 17-
Strong experience in Power Platform products like Power BI, Power Apps,Power automates, Power virtual Agent (PVA) and SQL server.
Experience in designing and solutioning end-to end product delivery.
Creating and gaining agreement to BI strategies
Designing, testing and building Power Platform Solutions.
Participate in process flow analysis and process redesign along with product manager and/or business constituents.
Share/define best practices and be consultative throughout duration of the project.
Produce a design document to match customer requirements.
Coordinate with the development team to produce a technical specification for custom development and systems integration requirements.
Provide input related to current best practices and 3rd Party solution alternatives as part of the functional design document.
Maintain applicable certifications and/or expertise, as appropriate.
Support the development of data architecture principles, standards and processes for the organization and applies these to deliverables.
Partners with developers, DBAs and data architects to ensure data models can be deployed and maintained efficiently and accessed by consumers of the data effectively.

JD 18-
2 years of experience in Technical experience with data and reporting concept/tools and proven capability to problemsolve using quantitative and analytical skills required.
Qickly troublseshoots and resolves problem.
Possesses strong technical aptitude.
Knowledge extracting data from various large relational databases required. Candidates must be proficient in Microsoft Excel, Word, PowerPoint, & Access, and have basic understanding of Power BI and SQL.
Demonstrates written communication skills
Candidates should be able to communicate effectively with business users, technical personnel and management across the organization.
Open Date 7/10/2023 Close Date Full-Time/Part-Time Full-Time Created By Selvi Kathiresan Hiring Manager(s) Pramod Cambreth Req Open Date 10-07-2023 Req Open Date None Specified

JD 19-
Bachelor's Degree (Computer Science, Business or related field preferred) and 2-5 years of experience in a similar role, preferably in Financial Services
Prior experience and knowledge of cloud-based systems and processes
Demonstrable business analysis and project management experience preferably within the Financial Services sector
Excellent interpersonal skills, with a view toward building and maintaining positive relationships between colleagues across the technology and business teams
Proven experience performing complex data analysis; deep understanding of relational databases with experience writing SQL queries and use of related query tools
preferred (Big Query and GCP experience preferred).
An expert understanding of the software development lifecycle, while working with hybrid teams including staff and third-party vendors
Experience with the interactive dashboards & reporting environment (Google Looker Studio, Tableau , Power BI etc), including familiarity with reporting, dashboarding and data visualization

JD 20-
Design, develop, and maintain the organization's business intelligence and reporting dashboards.
Design, develop, and maintain data models and feeds for report development.
Prepare insights based on data and reporting solutions.
Collaborate with business stakeholders to understand reporting and analysis needs and translate them into technical requirements.
Ensure that data is accurate and easily accessible for reporting and analysis.
Develop and maintain persona-based dashboards, management reports and executive views to provide business insights.
Experienced in Power BI to understand business needs and deliver technical solutions.
Follow, learn, and share best practices for Power BI development.
Ensure compliance with security and data privacy policies and regulations.
Manage and prioritize workload and identify opportunities to streamline processes and improve efficiency.
Keep up to date with industry trends and emerging technologies and evaluate their potential impact on business intelligence and reporting.

JD 21-
Bachelor s degree in Computer Science, Business Information Systems, or related field.
Extensive experience in BI reporting, especially with PowerBI.
Strong skills in data modeling, data visualization, and advanced SQL.
Knowledge of R or Python, and basic web development skills (HTML, CSS, JavaScript).
Excellent written and spoken English; German is a plus.
Ability to communicate complex data concepts in simple terms.

JD 22-
Understands and knows the industry/organization and business drivers that impact the organization.
Understands the purpose, roles, tasks, duties and responsibilities of his role and how it links to the other roles.
Understands advanced project management techniques and knows how to implement these techniques.
Strong business understanding of telecom industry.
Excellent programming skills with experience in Oracle, SQL, SQL Server, Access and other database support activities.
(DESIRABLE) Understands and knows Python programming, statistical analysis, NLP algorithms and machine learning algorithms.
Knows how to do large scale data mining (multi-million row data sets), reporting and knowledge discovery.
Demonstrates strong Excel capabilities, with pivot tables, data tables, excel functions and scenario modelling.
Knows how to work with VBA in EXCEL.
Very good understanding of data storage infrastructure and query writing.
Skilful with designing data warehouse and business intelligence architecture including data integration, schema design, data modelling, query optimization, data reporting and visualization.
Displays strong research orientation and is familiar with various research methodologies and fundamentals such as Data Collection Methods, Measurement and Scaling Techniques, Sampling Fundamentals,
Analysis of Variance and Covariance, Multivariate Analysis Technique, etc.

JD 23
Bachelors or Masters degree in Computer Science, Data Engineering, Information Systems, or a
related field.
3+ years experience in Power BI development, creating interactive dashboards and reports.
Strong expertise in ETL processes and data integration techniques.
Proficiency in using Snowflake or other modern data warehousing technologies.
Solid programming skills in SQL and other relevant programming languages.
Experience with data modeling, data architecture, and database design.
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills with the ability to work on complex data-related
challenges.
Leadership qualities with experience in guiding and mentoring junior team members.
Excellent communication skills, both written and verbal, to effectively interact with technical and non-
technical stakeholders.

JD 24-
3-5 years (Manager), 5-8 years (Associate Director) of experience of hands-on analytical experience.
Bachelor's degree in data science, statistics, computer science, or a related field.
Strong business acumen with an analytical and problem-solving mindset. Familiarity with financial concepts preferred (retail math, media lift, profitability, inventory levels, etc.).
Experienced with all Microsoft Office applications for the creation of reports, presentations, and analyses including advanced Excel functions and formulas, pivot tables, Power Pivot, and Power Query.
Ability to analyze data and develop insights that inform strategy and optimization.
Strong verbal and written communications skills at all levels; ability to communicate technical information to both technical and non-technical audiences.
Strong drive to understand the retail landscape and latest trends in commerce media.
Ability to collaborate and work effectively with internal teams and external partners.
A self-starter attitude that thrives in a fast-paced environment.

JD 25-
Experience in some of the BI related tools such as Power BI, Tableau, SQL, Python, C#, Hadoop etc. 
Preferred to have Salesforce certification marketing cloud platform, create meaning data insights using Salesforce, Einstein Analytics

JD 26-
The candidates must have 2 years work experience and submit documents proving that
The candidates should have experience in the following technologies:
BI Tools (Tableau, Power BI ,...)
DB/DBA (Sql Server, Oracle,...)
TEL tools (SSIS,...)
Programming language (R,C#,Python,..)
Design business analysis and data recording systems for use throughout the department
Maintain databases and perform updates as necessary to ensure accuracy
Regularly examine data reports to locate and resolve mistakes throughout
Accuratelyanalyze and collect data for various types of business reports
Create business reports that provide insight into key data points
Communicate the results of data analysis in written and verbal form to managers
Support various departments, in reaching theirgoals through analysis
Monitor data to identify changes in business trends.
Demonstrated ability to manage time and prioritize projects to meet deadlines
Ability to use SQL / NoSQL DBs and Microsoft Excel to create pivot tables, graphs and charts
Identify, analyze, and interpret trends or patterns in complex data sets
Filter and clean data by reviewing all reports for the following systems but not limited (eservices, ServiceDesk, Qmatic reports...) and performance indicators to locate and correct code problems
Carrying out any other tasks assigned to him by the line manager
The employee must bear the pressures and challenges of work.

JD 27-
Design and development of ETL and BI applications in DataStage
Design/develop testing processes to ensure end to end performance, data integrity and usability.
Carry out performance testing, integration and system testing
Good SQL Knowledge is mandatory
Basic Unix knowledge is required
Should be able to communicate with client and work on technical requirement

JD 28-
Experience leading development efforts through all phases of SDLC.
5+ years of "hands-on" experience designing Analytics and Business Intelligence solutions.
Experience with Quicksight, PowerBI, Tableau and Qlik is a plus.
Hands-on experience in SQL, data management, and scripting
Strong data visualization design skills, data modelling and inference skills.
Hands-on experience in managing small teams.
Strong knowledge of architectural principles, tools, frameworks, and best practices.
Excellent communication and presentation skills to communicate and collaborate with all levels of the organization.
Must have skills in Quicksigh/PowerBI/Tableau, SQL, R Language, Visualization, Business Intelligence (BI) and Data management.

JD 29-
Strong understanding and experience working with Linux.
In depth understanding of Big Data, Hadoop and MDX Technologies: Prior experience preferred
Experience in Supporting US based customers
Good knowledge of BI tools: Prior experience preferred
Good verbal and written communication skills (English)

JD 30-
Bachelor’s degree in computer science, Information Technology, Business Analytics, or related field; master’s degree is a plus.
Proven experience (5+ years preferred) in a BI role, with a strong portfolio of successful BI implementation projects.
Deep expertise in Microsoft Azure cloud services, including Azure Synapse Analytics, Azure Data Factory, Azure Databricks, and Power BI.
Strong understanding of data warehouse design (e.g., dimensional modeling) and data mining.
Familiarity with BI technologies (e.g., Microsoft Power BI, Oracle BI).
Proficiency in SQL and experience with programming languages such as Python or R.
Exceptional problem-solving abilities and analytical thinking.
Excellent communication and collaboration skills, with a proven track record of working in cross-functional teams.
Passion for transforming raw data into meaningful insights that drive business value.
