JD 1-
Associates degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, Electrical Engineering, Electronic Engineering, or related field.
Certification in Electronics or related area.
Military experience or training
6+ years of experience with digital HW, SW, and/or analog RF troubleshooting and debugging.
6+ years of experience in a lab environment.
2+ years in a leadership role with direct reports (only applies to positions with direct reports).
1+ year of work experience in a role requiring interaction with senior leadership (eg, Director level and above).

JD 2-
A supporting-level team member who applies foundational infrastructure/platform knowledge to ambiguous technical/non-technical projects and tasks.
This person assists with issue investigations, data analysis and remediation for internal and external infrastructure disruptions and/or service enhancements.
Experience: 0-2 years Education Demonstrates production and/or data analysis work experience.
Supporting day to day operations in technical environments.
Bachelor's degree or equivalent experience. Technical degree preferred.
A+ Certification or equivalent AWS Foundational
Functional/ Technical Skills Collects information to understand problems and identify their origin.
Research precedents and known solutions for basic or routine problems.
Implements prescribed steps and ensures effective resolution, escalating troubleshooting if needed.
Familiar in working with infrastructure services.
Able to configure or operate cloud infrastructure through tools or interfaces.
Understands lower-level complex systems.
Has a broad understanding of observability and operational tools.
Has a foundational understanding of software testing principles.
Is familiar with basic concepts of one programming or scripting language (e. g. JavaScript or bash).
Knows basic programming control flow and can write a simple function in a given language (e. g. fizzbuzz).
Basic understanding of how team goals fit a business need.

JD 3-
You will provides engineering expertise to troubleshoot, modify and engineer software solutions and configurations to ensure the product/solution performs within optimal design specifications
You will Investigate, debugs and reproduces issues, provides fixes and workarounds and verifies changes to ensure continued operability of the software solution
You will demonstrate continuous improvements and increased efficiency to the software or business processes by utilizing Software Engineering tools, innovative techniques and the reuse of existing solutions
You will contribute to meeting the SLAs and KPIs as applicable for the account and unit - for example, responsiveness, resolution, software quality SLAs, etc
You will have the opportunity to be exposed to advanced market technologies
Facilitate the expansion and improvement of the configuration control, taking into consideration business requirements, processes, event correlation and integration of third party applications
Perform ongoing maintenance of the infrastructure CC tools
Support releases and patches, working with the infra team in the development center & customer site
Apply in-depth knowledge of Infra Configuration Control area basic knowledge of several Infra areas, as is applicable to the divisions requirements
Identification of the problems that are not immediately evident in existing systems or processes

JD 4-
Experience analyzing and troubleshooting RESTful web API calls
- Advanced knowledge using BI Tools (e.g. QuickSight, Tableau)
- Demonstrable technical and operational experience with multiple domain area of advertising technologies (DSP, RTB, BS, MLO, Ad verification, ad tracking, ad attribution, etc.).
- Technical curiosity and excitement to learn new technologies. Understands a broad range of operational troubleshooting techniques and knows how to use them to solve technical problems.
- Analytical horsepower to break down complex problems, and a strong will to get things done and deliver results.
- Strong customer focus
- Experience troubleshooting and debugging technical systems
- Ability to juggle many tasks and projects in a fast-moving environment
- Self-starter who is excited about technology.

JD 5-
Application Support role with (5+ years experience) within Operation and batch support space that involves performing a role responsible to ensure support is provided in a timely, customer- oriented, and comprehensive manner to a global business operating 24*7 hrs
Promotes a support culture that goes above and beyond what the customer expects and ensuring that every business client responses are provided in a timely and comprehensive manner
Manage Incidents, Problems and service level agreements with high customer satisfaction levels
Identify and promote opportunities to reduce the amount of direct support required through product improvements, training and automation
As an operations engineer, your primary role is to provide overnight batch support for Enterprise Finance Applications (Please note this is a 24/7 support role)
Curiosity in learning and understanding stakeholder requirements; prioritising those them while ensuring that production platform is stable and functioning optimally.
Apply and share your expertise whilst also be willing to broaden, develop and knowledge share your learnings.

JD 6-
Passion for Client Experience
Degree or equivalent relevant experience required. Experience will be evaluated based on the core competencies for the role (eg extracurricular leadership roles, military experience, volunteer roles, work experience, etc)
Excellent written and verbal communication skills. Experience in handling/conversing with international clients mandatory.
Action oriented with strong organizational, analytical and problem solving skills
Highly adaptable, fast learner
Technical aptitude in support of learning Salesforce Cloud applications and solutions
Dependable, motivated, self-starter, with the ability to work independently
Experience in technical support (or other client focused environment)
Optional : ADM 201 and/or ADM 211 certifications prefered,

JD 7-
Minimum of 4-10 years experience running services on Linux/Unix, Technical Support, CSR Handling, Emergency Handling.
To qualify the candidate should have demonstrated key traits required -A very strong customer focusAbility to juggle many tasks and projects in a fast-moving environmentBe a self-starter who is excited about technology.
Good time management and multi-tasking capabilities Good teammate who is also comfortable working on own initiative Flexibility with working hours Familiarity with general business terms and processes Innovative & creative approach 
to problem solving coupled with advanced diagnostic & technical analysis skillsValues of Perseverance, Professionalism, Respect & working with Integrity

JD 8-
Excellent communication and interpersonal skills.
Proven experience as a Support Engineer or in a similar role.
Strong understanding of computer systems, networking, and troubleshooting methodologies.
Familiarity with ticketing systems (e.g., ServiceNow, Jira) and incident management processes.
Ability to work independently and collaborate effectively in a team environment.
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills.
Good to have: AML Domain Knowledge & Azure knowledge is a plus, particularly in Monitoring, Alerting, Analyzing logs in AppInsights, and writing custom queries to troubleshoot issues.

JD 9-
6+ years of experience in customer facing technical support role
Passion for customer care and customer satisfaction.
A successful track record in developing and managing customer relationships.
At least 3 years of experience in Managing Client Expectations/Satisfaction
At least 3 years of experience in Problem Determination/Resolution
Strong communication and soft skills
At least 1 year experience in Linux and Openshift (Red Hat technologies)
At least 1 year experience in Kubernetes
At least 1 year experience in Networking concepts
At least 1 year experience in Managing Client Expectations/Satisfaction
At least 1 year experience in Problem Determination/Resolution

JD 10-
Passion for Client Experience
Degree or equivalent relevant experience required. Experience will be evaluated based on the core competencies for the role 
(eg extracurricular leadership roles, military experience, volunteer roles, work experience, etc)
Excellent written and verbal communication skills. Experience in handling/conversing with international clients mandatory.
Action oriented with strong organizational, analytical and problem solving skills
Highly adaptable, fast learner
Technical aptitude in support of learning Salesforce Cloud applications and solutions
Dependable, motivated, self-starter, with the ability to work independently
Experience in technical support (or other client focused environment)
Optional : ADM 201 and/or ADM 211 certifications prefered,
